README.md, before:

# HexDMC

[![Codeberg CI](https://ci.codeberg.org/api/badges/alpha-tango-kilo/hexdmc/status.svg)](https://ci.codeberg.org/alpha-tango-kilo/hexdmc)
[![Dependency status](https://deps.rs/repo/github/alpha-tango-kilo/hexdmc/status.svg)](https://deps.rs/repo/github/alpha-tango-kilo/hexdmc)

`hexdmc` is a commandline tool to convert between DMC flosses and hex colours

## Installation

Requires Rust to have be installed.
Otherwise, you can check out the [releases page](https://codeberg.org/alpha-tango-kilo/hexdmc/releases) for any pre-compiled executables

```shell
cargo install --git https://codeberg.org/alpha-tango-kilo/hexdmc
```

To update, add the `--force` flag to the above command

## Usage

You use a subcommand to specify the type of the colour(s) you're passing; either `dmc` or `hex`, then list any colours, separated by spaces.
You can't mix & match colour types in a single command

```
hexdmc <dmc|hex> [COLOUR] ...
```

## Limitations

### Hex colour conversion

Hex colours don't always exactly correspond to a DMC colour.
In this case, HexDMC will find the closest* matching colour(s).
The output arrow will show as `~>` if the result is only approximate (as opposed to `->` usually)

### Terminal colour support

HexDMC shows a blob of each colour in its output.
**Please do not consider this colour to be of true likeness**.
Terminals are honestly pretty crap at supporting a wide range of colours, so just use the feature as a general indication.
If you know your terminal supports full 8-bit colour, then it should be of true likeness, assuming the [output colouring library](https://lib.rs/crates/owo-colors) I'm using supports it

Commit message:

Add "diffdmc" subcommand
Add ColourMap.similarity_iter()
Derive Copy, Clone for Colour
Add Colour.to_rgb()
Add similar_dmc_str as processing function for "diffdmc"
Use fully qualified syntax around COLOUR_MAP to improve IDE completions

README.md, after:

# HexDMC

[![Codeberg CI](https://ci.codeberg.org/api/badges/alpha-tango-kilo/hexdmc/status.svg)](https://ci.codeberg.org/alpha-tango-kilo/hexdmc)
[![Dependency status](https://deps.rs/repo/github/alpha-tango-kilo/hexdmc/status.svg)](https://deps.rs/repo/github/alpha-tango-kilo/hexdmc)

`hexdmc` is a commandline tool to convert between DMC flosses and hex colours

## Installation

Requires Rust to have be installed.
Otherwise, you can check out the [releases page](https://codeberg.org/alpha-tango-kilo/hexdmc/releases) for any pre-compiled executables

```shell
cargo install --git https://codeberg.org/alpha-tango-kilo/hexdmc
```

To update, add the `--force` flag to the above command

## Usage

You use a subcommand to specify the type of the colour(s) you're passing; either `dmc` or `hex`, then list any colours, separated by spaces.
You can't mix & match colour types in a single command

The subcommand `diffdmc` is also provided, which expects to be given DMC flosses, and will produce a list of the five most similar DMC colours

```
hexdmc <dmc|hex|diffdmc> [COLOUR] ...
```

## Limitations

### Hex colour conversion

Hex colours don't always exactly correspond to a DMC colour.
In this case, HexDMC will find the closest* matching colour(s).
The output arrow will show as `~>` if the result is only approximate (as opposed to `->` usually)

### Terminal colour support

HexDMC shows a blob of each colour in its output.
**Please do not consider this colour to be of true likeness**.
Terminals are honestly pretty crap at supporting a wide range of colours, so just use the feature as a general indication.
If you know your terminal supports full 8-bit colour, then it should be of true likeness, assuming the [output colouring library](https://lib.rs/crates/owo-colors) I'm using supports it
